# Changelog


## 0.12.1 (2017-11-10)

### Other

* Added missing Symfony template. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.12.0 (2017-11-09)

### Other

* Fix parameters received. The second must be the dir of the site. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.11.0 (2017-11-08)

### Other

* Chmod was messing site files with incorrect permissions. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.10.0 (2017-11-06)

### Other

* Added to the Caddy templates a proxy configuration under the _ds url to allow browser access to a nodejs server running on port 3000. The nodejs server has to be started using the web console. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.9.0 (2017-10-27)

### Other

* Replaced ttyd by gotty to enable a better end user experience. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.8.0 (2017-10-23)

### Other

* Using an intermediate image to add development packages that must be available at run time executation. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.7.0 (2017-10-19)

### Other

* Using oficial node 8.7 alpine as base image to easy add npm, yarn e others tools needed by modern dev enviroments. Installed ttyd for access to a shell in order to allow the use of git, curl, yarn npm and other interactive tools. [Abner G Jacobsen]

* The Caddy server is, from now on, compiled from sources and is no longer downloaded as a binary - as required by Caddy's new licensing rules. Caddy was also upgraded to version v0.10.10. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.6.0 (2017-09-29)

### Other

* Added Laravel and Codeigniter to PHP 7.1. [Abner G Jacobsen]

* The Caddy server is, from now on, compiled from sources and is no longer downloaded as a binary - as required by Caddy's new licensing rules. Caddy was also upgraded to version v0.10.9. Also added nodejs, npm, yarn and webpack. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.5.1 (2017-07-24)

### Fix

* Missing Caddy module. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.5.0 (2017-07-24)

### Fix

* Https://github.com/caddyserver/examples/issues/71. [Abner G Jacobsen]

### Other

* Https://github.com/caddyserver/examples/pull/76/files. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.4.0 (2017-06-24)

### Other

* PHP now use Redis to save session info. [Abner G Jacobsen]

* Removed duplucated line. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.3.0 (2017-06-23)

### Other

* Improvements in opcache settings. [Abner G Jacobsen]

* Removed headers that are generated by NextCloud itself. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.2.1 (2017-06-21)

### Changes

* Nextcloud template security fix. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.2.0 (2017-06-21)

### Fix

* Corrected Makefile for use corecct user with tools/github-release. [Abner G Jacobsen]


## 0.0.0 (2017-06-21)

### Other

* Initial commit. [Abner G Jacobsen]


